README.md, before:

# PetMinder

![Screenshot of the PetMinder app](./public/PM-Crop.png)

PetMinder is a program that allows you to keep track of your pet's care instructions.

These care instructions are visible to other members and are useful in situations where a family member or pet sitter needs to care for your pets.

## Demo Video

[Video Walkthrough](https://youtu.be/YE3qW-N64cU)

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system such as Heroku.

### Development

After checking out the repo (Fork and Clone), run `bundle install` to install dependencies.

To deploy locally, run `shotgun` to start a Thin web server. Navigate to the address specified.

To interact with the SQLite database, run `tux`.

## Heroku Deployment

To deploy this project to Heroku, a Postgres database is required.

The Heroku branch has a Postgres database and can be viewed live at [https://pet-minder.herokuapp.com/](https://pet-minder.herokuapp.com/).

Should you wish to deploy this, please fork and clone the Heroku branch.

## Built With

- [Corneal Gem](https://thebrianemory.github.io/corneal/)

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/saramccombs/pet-minder/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests.

## Authors

* Sara McCombs - [Portfolio](https://theSaraMcCombs.com)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/saramccombs/pet-minder/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details

## Acknowledgments

These are websites, people, organizations, anything or anyone that assited with this project. This list is not 100% inclusive and will be updated as time allows. 

* [Flatiron School](https://flatironschool.com/)
* [W3School](https://www.w3schools.com/)
* [Corneal Gem](https://thebrianemory.github.io/corneal/)
*

Commit message:

Update readme to clarify demo heroku branch is being used.

README.md, after:

# PetMinder

![Screenshot of the PetMinder app](./public/PM-Crop.png)

PetMinder is a program that allows you to keep track of your pet's care instructions.

These care instructions are visible to other members and are useful in situations where a family member or pet sitter needs to care for your pets.

## Demo Video

[Video Walkthrough](https://youtu.be/YE3qW-N64cU)

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system such as Heroku.

### Development

After checking out the repo (Fork and Clone), run `bundle install` to install dependencies.

To deploy locally, run `shotgun` to start a Thin web server. Navigate to the address specified.

To interact with the SQLite database, run `tux`.

## Heroku Deployment

To deploy this project to Heroku, a Postgres database is required.

The Heroku branch has a Postgres database and can be viewed live at [https://pet-minder.herokuapp.com/](https://pet-minder.herokuapp.com/).

Should you wish to deploy this, please fork and clone the Heroku branch.

Note: the demo Heroku web app is deployed using the 'heroku-demo` branch, specifically.

## Built With

- [Corneal Gem](https://thebrianemory.github.io/corneal/)

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/saramccombs/pet-minder/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests.

## Authors

* Sara McCombs - [Portfolio](https://theSaraMcCombs.com)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/saramccombs/pet-minder/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details

## Acknowledgments

These are websites, people, organizations, anything or anyone that assited with this project. This list is not 100% inclusive and will be updated as time allows. 

* [Flatiron School](https://flatironschool.com/)
* [W3School](https://www.w3schools.com/)
* [Corneal Gem](https://thebrianemory.github.io/corneal/)
*
